---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "spot_cloudspace Data Source - Platform9 Spot"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# spot_cloudspace Data Source

This data source is useful to read attributes of the cloudspace.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "spot_cloudspace" "example" {
  id = "mycloudspace"
}

# This outputs the current phase of the cloudspace.
output "csphase" {
  value = data.spot_cloudspace.example.phase
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) ID of the cloudspace, same as cloudspace name.

### Optional

- `preemption_webhook` (String) Webhook URL for preemption notifications.

### Read-Only

- `api_server_endpoint` (String) Kubernetes api server URL
- `bids` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bids))
- `cloudspace_name` (String) Name of the cloudspace
- `first_ready_timestamp` (String) The time when the cloudspace was first ready.
- `hacontrol_plane` (Boolean) High Availability Kubernetes (replicated control plane for redundancy). This is a critical feature for production workloads.
- `health` (String) Health indicates if CloudSpace has a working APIServer and available nodes
- `kubeconfig` (String, Deprecated) Kubeconfig blob
- `name` (String, Deprecated) Name of the cloudspace
- `pending_allocations` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--pending_allocations))
- `phase` (String) Phase of the cloudspace
- `reason` (String) Reason contains the reason why the CloudSpace is in a certain phase.
- `region` (String) The region where the cloudspace resides.
- `spotnodepool_ids` (List of String) IDs of the spotnodepools associated with the cloudspace.
- `token` (String) Token to use for authentication to kubernetes api server
- `user` (String) Name of the user to use for authentication to kubernetes api server

<a id="nestedatt--bids"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bids`

Read-Only:

- `bid_name` (String)
- `won_count` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--pending_allocations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pending_allocations`

Read-Only:

- `bid_name` (String)
- `count` (Number)
- `server_class` (String)
