---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "spot_regions Data Source - Platform9 Spot"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# spot_regions Data Source

The `spot_regions` data source is used to retrieve information about the regions. This data source allows you to list all the regions or filter the regions based on specific criteria using the `filters` attribute. This can be useful when you need to programmatically determine the regions where you want to launch cloudspaces.

By default, the data source returns all available regions in the `names` attribute. However, you can optionally apply filters to narrow down the list of regions based on specific criteria.

## Example Usage

The example usage shows how to retrieve the list of available regions without any filters:
```terraform
data "spot_regions" "available" {
}

output "regions" {
  value = data.spot_regions.available.names
}
```
In this example, the spot_regions data source is used without any filters. The `names` output variable will contain a list of all available region names. 

## Example Usage with Filters

```terraform
# Find all regions in the USA
data "spot_regions" "usa" {
  filters = [
    {
      name   = "country",
      values = ["USA"]
    }
  ]
}

output "region_test" {
  value = data.spot_regions.usa.names
}
```
In this example, the spot_regions data source is used with a filter to retrieve the regions located in the USA.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Attributes List) List of filters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filters))
- `id` (String) Placeholder for ID

### Read-Only

- `names` (List of String) List of region names matching to the filters if provided. If no filters are provided, all the regions are returned.

<a id="nestedatt--filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filters`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the attribute on which this filter should be applied. The tags attribute is a special case where the name has to be specified as 'tags:<tag_key>'
- `values` (Set of String) Set of values for the attribute, if any of the 'value' matches then the filter is considered to be matched
