---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "spot_serverclasses Data Source - Platform9 Spot"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# spot_serverclasses Data Source

Used to retrieve information about the serverclasses. This data source allows you to list all the serverclasses or filter them based on specific criteria using the `filters` attribute. This can be useful when you need to programmatically determine the serverclasses.

By default, the data source returns all available serverclass names in the `names` attribute. However, you can optionally apply filters to narrow down the list based on specific criteria.

## Example Usage

The example usage shows how to retrieve the list of available serverclasses without any filters:
```terraform
data "spot_serverclasses" "all" {
}

output "names" {
  value = data.spot_serverclasses.all.names
}
```

## Example Usage with Filters

```terraform
# Find serverclasses that are from the category compute heavy
data "spot_serverclasses" "all" {
  filters = [
    {
      name   = "category"
      values = ["Compute Heavy"]
    }
  ]
}

output "names" {
  value = data.spot_serverclasses.all.names
}
```

In this example, the `spot_serverclasses` data source is used with a filters.

## Support for Comparator Expressions

For numeric attributes like resources.cpu, resources.memory, and other numeric attributes related to server class resources, the values attribute in the filters block supports comparator expressions. This allows you to filter server classes based on conditions like "greater than", "less than or equal to", and so on.

The comparator expressions should be provided in the following format:

- `>value` (greater than)
- `<value` (less than)
- `>=value` (greater than or equal to)
- `<=value` (less than or equal to)
- `==value` (equal to)
- `!=value` (not equal to)

For example, to filter server classes with memory greater than 8GB, you can use the expression `>8GB` in the values attribute for the resources.memory filter.
```terraform
# Find all server classes with less than 8GB of memory and 4 CPUs
data "spot_serverclasses" "all" {
  filters = [
    {
      name   = "resources.memory"
      values = [">8GB"]
    },
    {
      name   = "resources.cpu"
      values = ["4"]
    }
  ]
}

output "names" {
  value = data.spot_serverclasses.all.names
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Attributes List) List of filters (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filters))
- `id` (String) Placeholder for ID

### Read-Only

- `names` (List of String) List of server class names matching to the filters. If no filters are provided, all the regions are returned.

<a id="nestedatt--filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filters`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the attribute on which this filter should be applied. The tags attribute is a special case where the name has to be specified as 'tags:<tag_key>'
- `values` (Set of String) If any of the 'value' matches, then the filter is considered to be matched. For numeric attributes like resources.cpu, resources.memory, and others, the values also support comparator expressions like >8GB, <=4, etc.
