---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "spot_cloudspace Resource - Rackspace Spot"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# spot_cloudspace Resource

Provides a Rackspace Spot Cloudspace resource. This can be used to create, modify, and delete cloudspaces.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Example of cloudspace resource.
resource "spot_cloudspace" "example" {
  cloudspace_name    = "example"
  region             = "us-central-dfw-1"
  hacontrol_plane    = false
  preemption_webhook = "https://hooks.slack.com/services/T00000000/B00000000/XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX"
  wait_until_ready   = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `region` (String) The region where the cloudspace will be created.

### Optional

- `cloudspace_name` (String) The name of the cloudspace.
- `deployment_type` (String) The name of the cloudspace.
- `hacontrol_plane` (Boolean) High Availability Kubernetes (replicated control plane for redundancy). This is a critical feature for production workloads.
- `name` (String) The name of the cloudspace.
- `preemption_webhook` (String) Webhook URL for preemption notifications.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))
- `wait_until_ready` (Boolean) If true, waits until the cloudspace control plane is ready

### Read-Only

- `bids` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bids))
- `first_ready_timestamp` (String) The time when the cloudspace was first ready.
- `id` (String, Deprecated) The id of the cloudspace
- `last_updated` (String) The last time the cloudspace was updated.
- `pending_allocations` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--pending_allocations))
- `spotnodepool_ids` (List of String) IDs of the spotnodepools associated with the cloudspace.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


<a id="nestedatt--bids"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bids`

Read-Only:

- `bid_name` (String)
- `won_count` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--pending_allocations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pending_allocations`

Read-Only:

- `bid_name` (String)
- `count` (Number)
- `server_class` (String)

### Available Regions

To retrieve the list of available regions, you can utilize the `spot_regions` data source.

```terraform
data "spot_regions" "available" {}

output "regions" {
  value = data.spot_regions.available.names
}
```

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Cloudspace can be imported by specifying its name.
terraform import spot_spotnodepool.example mycloudspace
```
