---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "spot_ondemandnodepool Resource - Rackspace Spot"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# spot_ondemandnodepool Resource

The `ondemandnodepool` resource is designed to manage Ondemand Node Pools within a specified cloudspace. Users have the flexibility to create multiple ondemand node pools, each uniquely configured according to their requirements. These pools are then associated with a specific cloudspace using the cloudspace_name attribute. This setup allows for efficient allocation and management of resources in a cloud environment, enabling users to optimize their cloud infrastructure based on varying workloads and demands.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Creates a ondemand node pool with a two servers of class gp.vs1.small-dfw.
resource "spot_ondemandnodepool" "example" {
  cloudspace_name      = "example"
  server_class         = "gp.vs1.small-dfw"
  desired_server_count = 2
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cloudspace_name` (String) The name of the cloudspace.
- `desired_server_count` (Number) The desired number of servers in the node pool.
- `server_class` (String) The server class to be used for the node pool can be obtained from the serverclasses data source.

### Optional

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to be applied to the nodes of the node pool
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to be applied to the nodes of the node pool
- `taints` (Attributes List) Kubernetes taints to be applied to the nodes of the node pool (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--taints))

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) The last time the ondemandnodepool was updated.
- `name` (String) The name of the ondemandnodepool.
- `reserved_count` (Number) Number of reserved on-demand nodes.
- `reserved_status` (String) Status of the ondemandnodepool.

<a id="nestedatt--taints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `taints`

Required:

- `effect` (String) The taint effect (NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule, or NoExecute)
- `key` (String) The taint key to be applied

Optional:

- `value` (String) The taint value

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# A ondemandnodepool can be imported by specifying its name.
# An id of the ondemandnodepool is available in the cloudspace resource attributes, ondemandnodepool_ids, bids and pending_allocations.
terraform import spot_ondemandnodepool.example c126b90d-00d1-48fb-92ae-b8c88e27f511
```
